session.screen0.titlebar.left:  Stick
session.screen0.titlebar.right: Minimize Maximize Close
session.screen0.clientMenu.usePixmap:   true
session.screen0.tab.placement:  TopLeft
session.screen0.tab.width:      64
session.screen0.toolbar.alpha:  255
session.screen0.toolbar.widthPercent:   100
session.screen0.toolbar.maxOver:        false
session.screen0.toolbar.tools:  RootMenu, iconbar, clock
session.screen0.toolbar.placement:      BottomCenter
session.screen0.toolbar.height: 0
session.screen0.toolbar.autoHide:       false
session.screen0.toolbar.onhead: 1
session.screen0.toolbar.layer:  Dock
session.screen0.toolbar.visible:        false
session.screen0.iconbar.mode:   {static groups} (workspace)
session.screen0.iconbar.alignment:      Relative
session.screen0.iconbar.usePixmap:      true
session.screen0.iconbar.iconTextPadding:        10
session.screen0.iconbar.iconWidth:      128
session.screen0.slit.alpha:     255
session.screen0.slit.autoHide:  false
session.screen0.slit.placement: RightBottom
session.screen0.slit.maxOver:   false
session.screen0.slit.acceptKdeDockapps: true
session.screen0.slit.onhead:    0
session.screen0.slit.layer:     Dock
session.screen0.menu.alpha:     255
session.screen0.tabs.usePixmap: true
session.screen0.tabs.maxOver:   false
session.screen0.tabs.intitlebar:        true
session.screen0.window.focus.alpha:     255
session.screen0.window.unfocus.alpha:   255
session.screen0.allowRemoteActions:     true
session.screen0.fullMaximization:       false
session.screen0.clickRaises:    true
session.screen0.noFocusWhileTypingDelay:        0
session.screen0.showwindowposition:     false
session.screen0.colPlacementDirection:  TopToBottom
session.screen0.opaqueMove:     true
session.screen0.edgeSnapThreshold:      10
